Rewrite README.md to be more clearer for new users (#505)
kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server: README.md

Metrics Server offers:
- A single deployment that works on most clusters (see [Requirements](#requirements))
- Scalable support up to 5,000 node clusters
- Resource efficiency: Metrics Server uses 0.5m core of CPU and 4 MB of memory per node

## Use cases

You can use Metrics Server for:
- CPU/Memory based horizontal autoscaling (learn more about [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler])
- Automatically adjusting/suggesting resources needed by containers (learn more about [Vertical Pod Autoscaler])

Don't use Metrics Server when you need:
- Non-Kubernetes clusters
- An accurate source of resource usage metrics
- Horizontal autoscaling based on other resources then CPU/Memory

For unsupported use cases, check out full monitoring solutions like Prometheus.

## Requirements

Metrics Server has specific requirements for cluster and network configuration. These requirements aren't the default for all cluster
distributions. Please ensure that your cluster distribution supports these requirements before using Metrics Server:
- Metrics Server must be [reachable from kube-apiserver]

> - Kube-apiserver must be correctly configured to [enable an aggregation layer]

Reviewer: nit to avoid upper / lower case issue:
```suggestion
- The kube-apiserver must be correctly configured to [enable an aggregation layer]
```

# Kubernetes Metrics Server

> Metrics Server is a simple, scalable, resource efficient source of container resource metrics needed for Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: It's definitely not [simple](http://harmful.cat-v.org/software/xml/soap/simple). 

```suggestion
Metrics Server is a scalable, efficient source of container resource metrics for Kubernetes
```

built-in autoscaling pipelines.

> Metrics Server collects resource metrics from Kubelets and expose them in Kubernetes apiserver through [Metrics API] to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics Server collects resource metrics from Kubelets and exposes them in Kubernetes apiserver through [Metrics API] 
```

> be used by [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler] and [Vertical Pod Autoscaler]. Metrics API can also be accessed by `kubectl top`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for use by [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler] and [Vertical Pod Autoscaler]. Metrics API can also be accessed by `kubectl top`,
```

> allowing for easier debugging of autoscaling pipelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
making it easier to debug autoscaling pipelines.
```

> Metric Server is not meant for non-autoscaling purposes, it is not responsible for forwarding metrics to monitoring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics Server is not meant for non-autoscaling purposes. For example, don't use it to forward metrics to monitoring solutions, or as a source of monitoring solution metrics.
```

> solutions nor should be used as source of metrics for them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Metrics Server good points:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics Server offers:
```

> - Simple - single deployment that should out-of-the box on most clusters (see [Requirements](#requirements) section)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A single deployment that works on most clusters (see [Requirements](#requirements))
```

> - Scalable - supports up to 5k node clusters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scalable support up to 5,000 node clusters
```

> - Resource efficient - uses 0.5m core of CPU and 4 MB of memory per node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Resource efficiency: Metrics Server uses 0.5m core of CPU and 4 MB of memory per node
```

## Use cases

> Metrics Server **can** be used when you want:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Metrics Server for:
```

- CPU/Memory based horizontal autoscaling (learn more about [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler])

> - Automatic adjusting/suggesting resources needed by containers (learn more about [Vertical Pod Autoscaler])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Automatically adjusting/suggesting resources needed by containers (learn more about [Vertical Pod Autoscaler])
```

> Metrics Server **should not** be used when you need:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don't use Metrics Server when you need:
```

- Non-Kubernetes clusters

> - Accurate source of resource usage metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An accurate source of resource usage metrics
```

- Horizontal autoscaling based on other resources then CPU/Memory

> For unsupported use cases please checkout full monitoring solutions like Prometheus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For unsupported use cases, check out full monitoring solutions like Prometheus.
```

## Requirements

> Metrics server has particular requirements on cluster and network configuration that is not default for all cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics Server has specific requirements for cluster and network configuration. These requirements aren't the default for all cluster
```

> distributions. Please ensure that your cluster distribution supports those requirements before using Metrics Server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
distributions. Please ensure that your cluster distribution supports these requirements before using Metrics Server:
```

> - Metrics server needs to be reachable from kube-apiserver ([Configuring master to cluster communication])

Reviewer 2: It's better to link in-line. You'll need to add an additional link for `[reachable from kube-apiserver]` at the end of the file.

```suggestion
- Metrics Server must be [reachable from kube-apiserver]
```

> - Kube-apiserver should be correctly configured to enable aggregation layer ([How to configure aggregation layer])

Reviewer 2: Link in-line, add a link at the end of the file.

```suggestion
- Kube-apiserver must be correctly configured to [enable an aggregation layer]
```

> - Nodes need to have kubelet authorization configured and match Metrics Server configuration ([How to configure kubelet authorization])

Reviewer 2: Link in-line, add a link at the end
```suggestion
- Nodes must have [kubelet authorization] configured to match Metrics Server configuration
```

> - Pod/Node metrics need to be exposed by Kubelet by Summary API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pod/Node metrics must be exposed by the Kubelet by Summary API
```

Metrics Server | Metrics API group/version | Supported Kubernetes version
---------------|---------------------------|-----------------------------
0.3.x          | `metrics.k8s.io/v1beta1`  | 1.8+

To deploy Metrics Server in your cluster, run:

```console

> $ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server/releases/download/v0.3.6/components.yaml

Reviewer: If you want, mark this block as shell and remove the `$ `

Author: done

```

Depending on your cluster configuration, you may also need to change flags passed to the Metrics Server container.
Most useful flags:
- `--kubelet-preferred-address-types` - The priority of node address types used when determining an address for connecting to a particular node (default [Hostname,InternalDNS,InternalIP,ExternalDNS,ExternalIP])
- `--kubelet-insecure-tls` - Do not verify the CA of serving certificates presented by Kubelets. For testing purposes only.
- `--requestheader-client-ca-file` - Specify a root certificate bundle for verifying client certificates on incoming requests
before trusting usernames in headers specified by `--requestheader-username-headers`. 

WARNING: Do not depend on prior authorization for incoming requests.

You can get a full list of Metrics Server configuration flags by running:

> ```

Reviewer: nit: you could mark this as shell.

Author: done

Metrics Server | Metrics API group/version | Supported Kubernetes version
---------------|---------------------------|-----------------------------
0.3.x          | `metrics.k8s.io/v1beta1`  | 1.8+

> In order to deploy Metrics Server in your cluster run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy Metrics Server in your cluster, run:
```

```console
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server/releases/download/v0.3.6/components.yaml
```

> Depending on your cluster configuration you may also need to change flags passed to Metrics Server container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on your cluster configuration, you may also need to change flags passed to the Metrics Server container.
```

Most useful flags:

> - `--kubelet-preferred-address-types` - The priority of node address types to use when determining which address to use
>  to connect to a particular node (default [Hostname,InternalDNS,InternalIP,ExternalDNS,ExternalIP])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `--kubelet-preferred-address-types` - The priority of node address types used when determining an address for connecting to a particular node (default [Hostname,InternalDNS,InternalIP,ExternalDNS,ExternalIP])
```

> - `--kubelet-insecure-tls` - Do not verify CA of serving certificates presented by Kubelets.  For testing purposes only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `--kubelet-insecure-tls` - Do not verify the CA of serving certificates presented by Kubelets. For testing purposes only.
```

> - `--requestheader-client-ca-file` Root certificate bundle to use to verify client certificates on incoming requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `--requestheader-client-ca-file` Specify a root certificate bundle for verifying client certificates on incoming requests
```

> before trusting usernames in headers specified by --requestheader-username-headers. WARNING: generally do not depend on
> authorization being already done for incoming requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before trusting usernames in headers specified by `--requestheader-username-headers`. 

WARNING: Do not depend on prior authorization for incoming requests.
```

> You can get full list of Metrics Server configuration flags by running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can get a full list of Metrics Server configuration flags by running:
```

```
docker run --rm k8s.gcr.io/metrics-server:v0.3.7 --help
```

> You can also use this helm chart to deploy the metric-server in your cluster (This isn't supported by the Metrics Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This [Helm chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/metrics-server) can deploy the metric-server service in your cluster. 

Note: This Helm chart isn't supported by Metrics Server maintainers.
```

>  maintainers): https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/metrics-server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Design

> Metrics server is one of the components in core metrics pipeline described in [Kubernetes monitoring architecture].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics Server is a component in the core metrics pipeline described in [Kubernetes monitoring architecture].
```

> The detailed design of the project can be found in the following docs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see:
```
